Documentation on how to find shapefiles for hydrology recipes (#1777)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_hydrology.rst

User settings in recipe
-----------------------

> All hydrological recipes require a shapefile as an input to produce forcing data. This shapefile determines the shape of the basin for which the data will be cut out and processed. All recipes are tested with `the shapefiles <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets/tree/master/Lorentz_Basin_Shapefiles>`_  that are used for the eWaterCycle project. In principle any shapefile can be used, for example, the open-source basin shapefiles from the `HydroSHEDS project <https://www.hydrosheds.org/>`_. 

Author: ```suggestion
All hydrological recipes require a shapefile as an input to produce forcing data. This shapefile determines the shape of the basin for which the data will be cut out and processed. All recipes are tested with `the shapefiles <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets/tree/master/Lorentz_Basin_Shapefiles>`_  that are used for the eWaterCycle project. In principle any shapefile can be used, for example, the freely available basin shapefiles from the `HydroSHEDS project <https://www.hydrosheds.org/>`_. 
```

> All hydrological forcing recipes require a shapefile as input. This shapefile determines the shape of the basin for which the data will be cut out and processed. All recipes where tested with `the shapefiles that will be used for the eWaterCycle comparison project <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets/tree/master/Lorentz_Basin_Shapefiles>`_ . In principle any shapefile can be used, for example the freely available basin shapefiles from the `HydroSHEDS project <https://www.hydrosheds.org/>`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All hydrological recipes require a shapefile as an input to produce forcing data. This shapefile determines the shape of the basin for which the data will be cut out and processed. All recipes are tested with `the shapefiles <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets/tree/master/Lorentz_Basin_Shapefiles>`_  that are used for the eWaterCycle project. In principle any shapefile can be used, for example, the open-source basin shapefiles from the `HydroSHEDS project <https://www.hydrosheds.org/>`_. 
```

> All hydrological recipes require a shapefile as an input to produce forcing data. This shapefile determines the shape of the basin for which the data will be cut out and processed. All recipes are tested with `the shapefiles <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets/tree/master/Lorentz_Basin_Shapefiles>`_  that are used for the eWaterCycle project. In principle any shapefile can be used, for example, the freely available basin shapefiles from the `HydroSHEDS project <https://www.hydrosheds.org/>`_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All hydrological recipes require a shapefile as an input to produce forcing data. This shapefile determines the shape of the basin for which the data will be cut out and processed. All recipes are tested with `the shapefiles <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets/tree/master/>`_  that are used for the eWaterCycle project. In principle any shapefile can be used, for example, the freely available basin shapefiles from the `HydroSHEDS project <https://www.hydrosheds.org/>`_. 
```
I think the shapefiles are also from the other directories?
